README.md, before:

# Hi 😎

I am Luise and work as an independent M365 Consultant based in Germany, but traveling the world. I love all things community, Power Platform and #MicrosoftGraph!
Learn more about me here: 

[![my website](https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%91%B8%20Luise%20Freese-M%20365%20Princess-red)](https://www.m365princess.com)
[![Luise on twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/%40LuiseFreese-twitter-%231DA1F2)](https://www.twitter.com/LuiseFreese)
[![my MVP profile](https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%AD%90-MVP-blue)](https://mvp.microsoft.com/en-us/PublicProfile/5003313?fullName=Luise%20Freese)
[![stickers on #PYOD](https://img.shields.io/badge/stickers-PimpYourOwnDevice.com-%2317A2B8)](https://www.pimpyourowndevice.com)

## Whats important to me & what's going on?

### #SharingIsCaring
Learning right now how to contribute to Community Docs and how to use GitHub 🙈 and I am blessed to have ongoing support! 

### Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging

Diversity is more than just more women in tech (although this would already be a good start). To me, it's a holistic approach to include and welcome everyone.

Commit message:

added more information about me

README.md, after:

# 👋 Hey there, I am Luise!

I work as an independent M365 Consultant based in Germany, but traveling the world. At least, this is what I said to introduce myself in the pre-Covid19 world. Now I am at home and talk 8 hours straight into my monitor. After that, I start working 🤣 besides that, together with Elio Struyf, I run https://pyod.shop ,a sticker store

I love all things community, Power Platform and #MicrosoftGraph! You can find me 24/7 on twitter :-) Not enough? I created those labels here because all the kool kids have those: 
[![my website](https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%91%B8%20Luise%20Freese-M%20365%20Princess-red)](https://www.m365princess.com)
[![Luise on twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/%40LuiseFreese-twitter-%231DA1F2)](https://www.twitter.com/LuiseFreese)
[![my MVP profile](https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%AD%90-MVP-blue)](https://mvp.microsoft.com/en-us/PublicProfile/5003313?fullName=Luise%20Freese)
[![stickers on #PYOD](https://img.shields.io/badge/stickers-PimpYourOwnDevice.com-%2317A2B8)](https://www.pimpyourowndevice.com)

## Whats important to me & what's going on?

### #SharingIsCaring
Learning right now how to contribute to Community Docs and how to use GitHub 🙈 and I am blessed to have ongoing support! 

### Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging

Diversity is more than just more women in tech (although this would already be a good start). To me, it's a holistic approach to include and welcome everyone.
